Docs: updating metadata. (#18819)
ckeditor/ckeditor5: docs/getting-started/integrations/dotnet.md

---
category: self-hosted

> meta-title: Using the CKEditor 5 WYSIWYG editor with .NETfrom ZIP archive | CKEditor 5 Documentation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
meta-title: Using the CKEditor 5 WYSIWYG editor with .NET from ZIP archive | CKEditor 5 Documentation
```
